Update icu-globalization-api.md (#19687)
dotnet/docs: includes/core-changes/globalization/5.0/icu-globalization-api.md

#### Recommended action

> No action is required on the part of the developer. However, if you wish to continue using NLS globalization APIs, you can set a [run-time switch](../../../../docs/core/run-time-config/globalization.md#nls) to revert to that behavior. For more information about the available switches, see the [.NET globalization and ICU](/dotnet/standard/globalization-localization/globalization-icu) article.

Reviewer: Isn't it better to use a relative link so it's validated at build time?

Reviewer 2: I didn't know that. Happy to create a new PR if you want this.

> No action is required on the part of the developer. However, if you wish to continue using NLS globalization APIs, you can set a [run-time switch](../../../../docs/core/run-time-config/globalization.md#nls) to revert to that behavior. The [.NET Globalization and ICU](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/standard/globalization-localization/globalization-icu) document contains more information about the available switches.

Reviewer 3: If you want to use the standard verbiage

```suggestion
No action is required on the part of the developer. However, if you wish to continue using NLS globalization APIs, you can set a [run-time switch](../../../../docs/core/run-time-config/globalization.md#nls) to revert to that behavior. For more information about the available switches, see the [.NET Globalization and ICU](/dotnet/standard/globalization-localization/globalization-icu) article.
```
